# R110 - Anglais de communication et initiation au vocabulaire technique (N. Cluzel)

## B)

### Read the article. Are these statements true (T) or false (F)?

1. Many nationalities greet people differently on the phone than they do face-to-face. T
1. The Spanish are impolite. F
1. When an Italian meets you in the street he greets you with the words "I'm ready". F
1. At work, different nationalities use a similir approach to answering the phone. T

## Oral Presentation

from /15:

- /5 language skills (grammar+vocab)
- /5 communication skills (no reading)
- /5 slideshow (min. 5 slides)
  - 1: Title
  - 2: Summary (Part. 1-2-3)

We thank you for your letter. We apologize for not replying sooner. It seems that you encounter some issue with our product.
We regret to inform you that we cannot take responsibiility for the misuse of our machines. The guarantee cannot apply since the maintenance contract seems not to have been renewed last year.
Our service department shall contact you to arrange an appointment for our engineers to visit / mend your machine. We remain at your disposal, should you want further informaton.

Kind regards

## Phoning

1. 1.
2. 3.
3. 2.

### Essential tips

1. i
2. c
3. a
4. d
5. e
6. b
7. g
8. h
9. j
10. f
11. s

### Find the equivalents

1. Le poste: extension
2. Restez en ligne: hold the line
3. spell
4. engaged
5. to put sb through to
6. voicemail

### A Business phone call

3, 2, 8, 4, 11, 6, 1, 7, 9, 10, 5

### Leaving message

1. state, about
2. from, contract, sent, call back, have time
3. returning, feel free
